okay now we have all of our potatoes
diced or cut up into chunks and what
we're going to do when it starts we're
going to season these potatoes the way
we're going to seize them very simple
what I have is I have some this is just
onion soup mix okay there's different
varieties this one has a chicken base so
if you're doing a chicken dish and you
want your your potatoes to kind of blend
in with your chicken then use a soup
with a chicken base if you want if
you're using beef you can buy one with a
beef base and but it's just all so this
is just a dry suit mix and onion soup
mix that we're going to take them we're
just going to first going to use some
olive oil so we take some i like to use
extra virgin olive oil we're going to
coat the potatoes with olive oil and
just a generous amount so that it gives
them a little bit of slippery there we
go okay we're going to do that what I
suggest a lot of times I want to reach
for the salt and throw salt on there
there's probably enough sodium in this
soup mix that we don't need to do that
so we're just going to sprinkle this on
top just like that I'm going to take a
little bit of roasted garlic and we're
going to put some roasted garlic in with
this garlic is going to give the roasted
garlic so give it a real nice flavor put
these back up here I've got a little bit
of parsley not a whole lot because
parsley can't have a tendency to burn
especially if we go to high heat on it
there we go some parse and I'm going to
put some fresh ground black pepper so
we're going to grind some pepper on to
this and go to what you feel and if you
don't like a lot of pepper just use a
little bit if you like pepper go with a
lot remember if you're serving people
that aren't your family go kind of easy
on it the other thing we're going to do
is a little bit of oregano I've got a
little bit of good Greek oregano that
I'm going to throw in there
there we go just a tiny bit it's kind of
strong and we're going to take these and
we're going to mix them up so alls I'm
doing is taken and just mixing the olive
oil and potatoes and spices and we're
just going to mix these all together
just like that get everything coated
once we get these coded up real good
then we're going to put them in a baking
dish personally I have a stone dish that
I really like using the stone versus
glass it just seems to me it does an
eyesore job but there we go so we have
everything mixed up I'm going to take my
baking dish I'm going to put some olive
oil in my baking dish I'm going to rub
that around and just coat the sides get
it coated real good now what we put in
there for olive oil we I went kind of
sparse on it so we can actually benefit
from a little bit of extra olive oil in
this okay so we're going to set that
there remove this off of here so I can
get to my towel and wipe my hands off
there we go all the heck would let's
just dump them in all right here we go
so we're going to take and dump these in
here as you can see I got all this nice
stuff and we're going to spread them out
threw out here and like I said I've got
this olive oil my hands are ready so it
doesn't really matter kind of layer them
out nice and nice and flat there we go
you can see how they're all everything
is very nicely coated now what we're
going to do I'm going to go ahead and
use that hand I'm going to take these
and I'll put them in a 375-degree oven
we're going to put them in for
approximately 45 minutes they come out
they'll be nice cooked soft you want
them soft if you
one of them a little bit Brown turn the
broiler on about the last 5-10 minutes
it'll brown the top let's see how it
goes here we go into the oven that's it
that's how easy it is we wait for 45
minutes when they're done we bring them
out let them cool and serve them to
watch the other segments in this video
series or for how-to videos on almost
any other topic visit monkey-see calm